v6.4 Changelog + upgrade notes (#5394)
mattermost/docs: source/install/self-managed-changelog.md

### Highlights

#### Playbook Updates
 - The Team and Starter plans no longer has a limit to the number of playbooks that can be created.

#### Boards Updates
 - Redesigned the Boards template selector to help users find the best template for projects.
 - Board archives now support images. All image attachments on cards will be included the next time a board archive is exported and imported.
 - Added card badges to indicate the type of content in a card, such as the description, comments, and checklists, without needing to open the card.
 - The entire text on URL properties is now clickable, so users can easily open links from a card without needing to click on a small link icon.
 - GIF file types are now supported as image attachments in card descriptions.

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - Updated **Account Settings** terminology to **Settings**.
 - Added Accept-Language header to generate link previews in the default Server language.
 - The **Invite Members** button is now hidden when the Direct Message category is collapsed.

>  - Added Collapsed Reply Threads (Beta) tour functionality.

Author: This is the PR: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp/pull/9289. It is in the v6.4 release branch.

>  - Added Collapsed Reply Threads (Beta) tour functionality.

Reviewer: No, that was separate as every user goes through it. But it is also linked to the growth spike as the first admin will have it in the checklist

 - File upload might fail for SVG files [MM-38982](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-38982).
 - Adding an @mention at the start of a post draft and pressing the left or right arrow key can clear the post draft and the undo history [MM-33823](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-33823).
 - Google login fails on the Classic mobile apps.
 - Status may sometimes get stuck as **Away** or **Offline** in High Availability mode with IP Hash turned off.
 - Searching stop words in quotation marks with Elasticsearch enabled returns more than just the searched terms.
 - The team sidebar on the desktop app does not update when channels have been read on mobile.
 - Slack import through the CLI fails if email notifications are enabled.
 - Push notifications don't always clear on iOS when running Mattermost in High Availability mode.

>  - Boards are not refreshing on creation. See the [GitHub discussion](https://github.com/mattermost/focalboard/discussions/1971) for more information.

Reviewer 2: @wuwinson, do we need to update this note?
Also, might be worth adding a note that the archive format is changing.

Author: > Also, might be worth adding a note that the archive format is changing.

Would you be able to share more details on this? Is this a known issue or a breaking change? @chenilim @wuwinson

See the [changelog in progress](https://bit.ly/2nK3cVf) for the upcoming release. See the [Legacy Self-Hosted Mattermost Changelog](legacy-self-hosted-changelog) for details on all Mattermost self-hosted releases prior to v5.37. 

Latest Mattermost Releases:
- [Release v6.4 - Feature Release](#release-v6-4-feature-release)
- [Release v6.3 - Extended Support Release](#release-v6-3-extended-support-release)
- [Release v6.2 - Feature Release](#release-v6-2-feature-release)
- [Release v6.1 - Feature Release](#release-v6-1-feature-release)
- [Release v5.37 - Extended Support Release](#release-v5.37-extended-support-release)

## Release v6.4 - [Feature Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/release-definitions.html#feature-release)

**Release Day: 2022-02-16**

### Important Upgrade Notes

>  - A new schema migration system has been introduced. Before updating the app to this version, it is strongly recommended to have a database backup. The new migration system will run through all existing migrations to record them to a new table. This will only happen for the first run in order to migrate the application to the new system. The table where the migration information is stored is ``db_migrations``. Additionally, a ``db_lock`` table is used to prevent multiple installations from running migrations in parallel. In case of an error while applying the migrations, please check this table first. If you encounter an issue please file [an Issue](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/issues) by including the failing migration name, database driver/version, and the server logs.

Author: Changed it to "server".

 - Fixed an issue where the "New Replies" banner on the right-hand side was displayed for a thread that was entirely visible.
 - Fixed an issue where the markdown **Preview** link was not hidden in read-only channels.
 - Fixed an issue where Cloud admins were unable to download an invoice via the Desktop App.
 - Fixed an issue that caused a gap to appear on the left-hand side in products using the team sidebar.
 - Fixed an issue with Collapsed Reply Threads (Beta) where clearing a deleted root post left the right-hand side blank.
 - Fixed an issue where the **Add** channel member button text was cut off in Safari.
 - Fixed an issue where the file preview modal info bar showed the channel id instead of the channel name for Direct Messages.
 - Fixed an issue to add a loader when fetching data from the backend in the channel switcher if there are no results matching local data.
 - Fixed an issue where the **Get a Public Link** button in the file preview modal was hidden if the image was an external link.
 - Fixed an issue where the click effect on **Copy** invite link button was incorrect.
 - Reinstalling a previously-enabled plugin now correctly reports enabled status as false.

>  - Fixed an issue where the Ctrl/Cmd+Shift+A hotkey to open **Settings** didn't work in desktop view.

Reviewer 3: Is this the same issue listed below under Known Issues?

### Known Issues
 - [Collapsed Reply Threads](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html) is currently in beta. Before enabling the feature, please ensure you are well versed in the [known issues](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html#known-issues), particularly relating to database resource requirements and server performance implications. If you cannot easily scale up your database size, or are running the Mattermost application server and database server on the same machine, we recommended waiting to enable Collapsed Reply Threads until it's [promoted to general availability in Q1 2022](https://mattermost.com/blog/collapsed-reply-threads-ga). Learn more about these [performance considerations here](https://support.mattermost.com/hc/en-us/articles/4413183568276).
 - Member type is missing from autocomplete [MM-38989](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-38989).
 - File upload might fail for SVG files [MM-38982](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-38982).
 - ``CTRL/CMD + SHIFT + A`` shortcut does not open **Settings** [MM-38236](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-38236).

>  - Adding an at-mention at the start of a post draft and pressing the leftwards or rightwards arrow can clear the post draft and the undo history [MM-33823](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-33823).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 - Adding an @mention at the start of a post draft and pressing the left or right arrow key can clear the post draft and the undo history [MM-33823](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-33823).
```

### Highlights

#### Playbook Updates

#### Boards Updates
 - Added Boards support for Global Retention Policy.

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - Updated **Account Settings** terminology to **Settings**.
 - Added Accept-Language header to generate link previews in the default Server language.
 - The **Invite Members** button is now hidden when the Direct Message category is collapsed.
 - Added Collapsed Reply Threads (Beta) tour functionality.
 - Added the current product name information to invoices.
 - Added support for metered billing invoices.
 - Added a keyboard shortcut to open and expand the right-hand pane.
 - UX improvements to the **System console > licensing page**: added a new modal for the upload license workflow.

#### Administration
 - Improved plugins performance by re-initializing only upon plugin configuration changes.
 - Removed dead struct ``ManifestExecutables``.
 - Added support for exporting and importing the post type and ``edit_at`` post details.
 - Added support for ``postgresql`` schema designator.

>  - New schema migrations.

Reviewer 4: > The new migration system will be going to apply all migrations.

It will just check for the existence of all migrations and pass through them right? Not exactly _apply_ all migrations, but _check_ if a migration has happened.

>  - New schema migrations.

Author: cc @isacikgoz

>  - New schema migrations.

Reviewer 4: Right, just wanted to clarify the language a bit to be extra-clear to the customers :stuck_out_tongue:

>  - New schema migrations.

Reviewer 4: @isacikgoz - What do you think of:

> A new schema migration system has been introduced. **Before updating the app to this version, it is strongly recommended to have a database backup**. The new migration system will run through all existing migrations to record them to a new table. This will only happen for the first run, to migrate the application to the new system. The table where the migration information is stored is `db_migrations`. Additionally, a `db_lock` table is used to prevent multiple installations from running migrations in parallel. In case of an error while applying the migrations please check this table first. If you encounter an issue please file an issue by including the failing migration name, database driver/version and the error logs

>  - New schema migrations.

Reviewer 5: Yeah, makes much more sense. @amyblais can we merge @agnivade's suggestion into the important notes?

>  - New schema migrations.

Author: Updated!

   
### config.json
Multiple setting options were added to ``config.json``. Below is a list of the additions and their default values on install. The settings can be modified in ``config.json``, or the System Console when available.

#### Changes to Team Edition and Enterprise Edition:
 - Under ``DataRetentionSettings`` in ``config.json``:
   - Added ``EnableBoardsDeletion`` and ``BoardsRetentionDays`` to add support for Global Retention Policy for Boards.

#### API Changes
 - The ``api/v4/config/migrate`` API endpoint has been removed in favor of the mmctl ``--local`` endpoint. API clients won't be able to access this endpoint without having physical access to the server.

### Go Version
 - v6.4 is built with Go ``v1.16.7``.

### Open Source Components
 - Removed ``@formatjs/intl-pluralrules`` and ``@formatjs/intl-relativetimeformat`` from https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp.
 - Added ``msgpack/msgpack`` and ``pako`` to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-mobile.

### Known Issues
 - Inline images display as broken in Safari 13 & 14 and Catalina [MM-41657](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-41657).

>  - [Collapsed Reply Threads](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html) is currently in beta. Before enabling the feature, please ensure you are well versed in the [known issues](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html#known-issues), particularly relating to database resource requirements and server performance implications. If you cannot easily scale up your database size, or are running the Mattermost application server and database server on the same machine, we recommended waiting to enable Collapsed Reply Threads until it's [promoted to general availability in Q1 2022](https://mattermost.com/blog/collapsed-reply-threads-ga). Learn more about these [performance considerations here](https://support.mattermost.com/hc/en-us/articles/4413183568276).

Reviewer: > or are running the Mattermost application server and database server on the same machine

I'm not sure we should mention this as it should be discouraged, not only for CRT but in general as a practice of installing Mattermost.

Author: @esethna Should I edit the text?
